careful
you're beautiful who you choose girl
cheetahs your whole life my daughter has
turned into a fine girl and a good man
has asked for her hand
he never laid eyes on something so pure
we're enough I gotta make your knees
hands
what's Ross I need to go because only
thing that makes any sense in this place
when the devil creeps in you need
someone to see the truth even when you
don't you got a choice you got to make I
couldn't find my way to the truth of it
right listen to the spirits the circuit
will purify you assert that will cleanse
you come on come on in your claim
Southie Nara communication she can't be
a part of this
Darryl honest that's what I'll let you
do to me
[Music]